and the crew from Moodle box TV com will
be spending a lot of time here today
yeah we're going to unveil that tomorrow
they're getting some work done today but
today we're also talking about
motorcycles and motorcycle maintenance a
couple of our friends from Moodle box TV
angel Sanchez's joining us and in Jackie
Nunez also known as motormouth I'll ask
you about that nickname in just a moment
but what we're talking about maintenance
what's the first thing we need to know
the first thing you need to know is
after your bikes been sit in the garage
all winter you need to get a pre tripped
and ready to ride for the spring and
summer okay in your tire tire pressures
key you want to make sure the tread is
checked on that on the on the tires and
the pressures accurate according to the
the label on the tire can you check the
tread just by eyeballing it yeah I like
to eyeball it I rolled a bike back and
forth so I get a full visual of every
part of the tire and the next we want to
make sure all the lubrication zar filled
up the brake fluid the cool and if it
pertains to your bike oil you want to
lube the chain you want to lube the belt
now are these things that you do just to
summarize your boat doesn't as well I do
it periodically but the main main thing
is after it's been sitting in the garage
that you do go through this checklist
toothbrush here for dental hygiene or
the toothbrushes is to use to clean the
terminals after the battery has been
sitting in the bike all winter you want
to put a little baking soda in the water
mix it up and just give it a little
scrub to get all the corrosion off it
and make sure it's got a good connection
onto the bike and that works and that
works and it works beautifully it's uh
it's great that he really really only
put your motorcycle in the garage for
winter or do you ride all you're here
well here in Sacramento i right yeah at
all year yeah there's a couple weeks
when when it's raining but better than
that but I still go to this check in the
spring just so I do it every every year
just a good idea it did it well alright
what's after that if we check our
battery after we check our battery
become comes to the fun part cleaning
your bike and getting it all shined up a
couple products here we got an engine
brightener make sure the engines nice
and bright and not only does it look
nice but it keeps the bike running
running good is this receipt that's for
the seats and more some leather wipes
want to keep the leather nice and soft
and
it just if not only does it look nice
but it keeps the leather last in a long
time this is an older bike and as you
can see the leathers in excellent
condition and it's from doing things
like this to it these are stuff like you
get you typically it anywhere right
because this is this could be for my car
as well exactly exactly you can get it
anywhere then we've got some some bug
cleaner to get the bug residue off
because the acids in the bugs can damage
a paint we want to make sure that all
the tin the metal on the bike is clean
while we're on that topic and Rossi you
have a windshield as a tough getting it
off the windshield yes well no not with
the bug feeling it breaks down the
enzymes of the bugs and then things it
up pretty good gotcha okay sorry and
then we've got a missed and shine for
for the tank and what you want to use on
with this is a microfiber new towel so
it doesn't scratch the paint canister
sure what about a chamois or is this
kind of work in a place of this cut
works in the place of ok me so we want
to get you could either give it a squirt
on the tell where you can actually put
it on the tank just give it a light a
light to squirt just like a car except
it's a lot less space so it's a little
quicker yes please and it's a little
funner to look at the tank when you're
done and look how shiny that is it does
look good now what do we have here a
battery charge now where do you keep
this thing this is a battery tender
actually and this is what you want to
use when your bikes in the garage and
you're not writing it okay what it does
is it it kind of talks to the battery
and as a battery starts losing some of
its um some of its power this thing
kicks in gear and recharges the
batteries so when you go in the garage
and even ready to write and i bet you a
big disappointment if you walk out in
the back row without a dollar service
out hundreds it out alright finally
safety for your helmet so the helmet not
only is it for safety but as you can see
by the graphics here it looks real nice
you want to clean it up make sure the
visor is clean and one thing people
don't think about is inside here needs
to be clean as well a lot of folks where
do rag so the oils from her hair don't
get in helmet but i were a lot of
product so i need you right there with
me so i get at a little soap and water
they also make some products that you
can use that kind of get rid of
bacterias just give it a good cleaning
inside and out
and and it stays bacteria free and it
smells a little box problem on that as
well bugs are definitely a problem
gotcha well guys thanks for joining us
today happy riding beautiful day to do
so I love your paint job over there too
it looks great that's it for us huda box
TV we back tomorrow's we're gonna finish
the patio fits and unveil it i'll be
live at the airshow got an awesome
friday plan for you'll see tomorrow
morning starting at 7am I 58